Add HTAP document (#4)
tidbcloud/dbaas-docs: htap.md

| StreamAgg_9              | 1.00    | 1       | root         |               | time:83.8372ms, loops:2                                              | funcs:count(1)->Column#4       | 372 Bytes | N/A  |
| └─TableReader_17         | 1.00    | 1       | root         |               | time:83.7776ms, loops:2, rpc num: 1, rpc time:83.5701ms, proc keys:0 | data:TableFullScan_16          | 152 Bytes | N/A  |
|   └─TableFullScan_16     | 1.00    | 1       | cop[tiflash] | table:t       | time:43ms, loops:1                                                   | keep order:false, stats:pseudo | N/A       | N/A  |
+--------------------------+---------+---------+--------------+---------------+----------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------+-----------+------+
```

`cop[tiflash]` means that the task will be sent to TiFlash for processing. If your queries have not selected a TiFlash replica, you can try to update the statistics using the `analyze table` statement, and then check the result using the `explain analyze` statement.

### Engine isolation

> Engine isolation is to specify that all queries use a replica of the specified engine by configuring the corresponding variable. The optional engines are "tikv", "tidb" (indicates the internal memory table area of TiDB, which stores some TiDB system tables and cannot be actively used by users), and "tiflash".

Reviewer: - To avoid using `specify` and `specified` in one sentence. Please confirm whether this is what you mean.
- Perhaps we need to provide the name of this variable in the description?
```suggestion
Engine isolation can ensure that all queries use a replica of the specified engine. You can achieve it by configuring the `tidb_isolation_read_engines` variable. The optional engines are "tikv", "tidb" (indicates the internal memory table area of TiDB, which stores some TiDB system tables and cannot be actively used by users), and "tiflash".
```

> ```sql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
```

set @@session.tidb_isolation_read_engines = "engine list separated by commas";
```

### Manual hint

> Manual hint can force TiDB to use specified replicas for specific table(s) on the premise of satisfying engine isolation. Here is an example of using the manual hint:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manual hint can force TiDB to use specified replicas for one or more specific tables on the premise of satisfying engine isolation. Here is an example of using the manual hint:
```

> ```sql

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< copyable "sql" >}}

```sql
```

select /*+ read_from_storage(tiflash[table_name]) */ ... from table_name;
```

> To learn more about TiFlash, please reference the [official TiFlash document](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tiflash-overview/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about TiFlash, refer to [TiFlash documentation](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tiflash-overview/).
```
